what are we doing in Richie Rich let's
come to this theater huh yeah it's good
theater they got good movies here ya
know what Bela epoch you
I think it's Belle epic epic Belle
Epoque the New York Times well I never
heard of it
where you hear about it the New York
Times oh okay that's war and the
cinematography supposed to be gorgeous
oh cool
that's the movie you wanted to see
wasn't even any good sex in it had you
read the whole movie like I'm
subtitled some guy from a road crew
recommended it to you a
subtitled movie what's going on huh
what's going on you've got a girlfriend
or something you hiding me from her I
don't have a girlfriend all right I I
like you I came here cuz I don't want to
show my face in law I told everybody I
was gonna win that fight and get back on
track I told my daughter I was gonna get
a bigger apartment so she could move in
you don't think I wanted to call you I
was embarrassed I mean sick of being a
disappointment
I really think your family's looking out
for you
what else can I say after what you told
me okay a place
[Music]